---
sticker: emoji//1f40e
---
I see you have the six-week package, so... a hundred thousand dollars, please!
- see : 파악하다. 확인하다

-Can't put a price on clean living. -And yet somehow you found a way.
- 건강한 생활에는 가격을 매길 수 없다. 그럼에도 불구하고 어떻게든 당신은 방법을 찾았다

Every client that comes here takes a picture with me.
- 여기에 오는 모든 고객은 나와 사진을 찍습니다
Goes on the wall. Kind of a tradition...

**I'm not in the mood. I look awful, first of all.**
- 

Johnny Depp did it, and he looked just as puffy and ghoulish as you do.
- 쟈니 뎁도 그렇게 했고, 그는 당신만큼 부어보이고 유령같아 보였다.

Hey, groundhog. I said no. Why don't you go see your own shadow
- 

so I can get six more weeks of "Leave Me the Hell Alone"?
-  

I would like to begin the process of healing,

so I can finally stop hurting the people around me, dipshit!

So, when I went to the country club for Sheila's luncheon...

Yes. Let it out.

I had to wear the same suit I had just worn to Sandra's tea party.

**I think of that as my rock bottom.

We have a saying in rehab, "Everyone takes a different road to get to the same city, Soberopolis, USA."

**Hold on a sec. What?**

BoJack, maybe you could tell us when was the first time you drank?

When wasn't the first time I drank?

pardon the expression
표현이 심했다면 용서해요

I don't believe that is an expression.

I notice you tend to deflect whenever I ask you about the source of your addiction.

Nobody made me drink.

My addiction didn't pull a knife on me and say, "Hey, bub! Drink this alcohol, or I'm gonna strangle you.

We have a saying in the sober community. 
-No kidding.

"We want what our addictions want us to want, in the same way that our future is just a house built from the materials of our present on the blueprint that is our past."

See, usually the point of sayings is they illustrate complicated concepts via straight forward **allegory**.

I really **admire** that your sayings don't do that.

You can leave whenever you'd like. But is that really what you want? 

Everyone else in this group is trying hard to be honest.

Doug over here, who keeps dressing in a suit and tie even though he's never getting his finance job back?

**How is this my fault? I blame water for being vodka-colored!**

-Maybe it's a sign it's not working, huh? -BoJack...

**Everyone, just as a general rule,**


 if you're checking into rehab more than once, either you're a lost cause ...or this is just an **industry** that profits off of repeat customers,
 - 산업
 
Hey, snitch! I only sneak in vodka

My dad totally overreacted when he found me not breathing.

-You have no idea what I've been through. -I know everything you've been through.

Your dad stuck you in boarding school and remarried.

And now there's a new baby and no one pays attention to you.

so I wouldn't embarrass him and **ruin** his new perfect family
- 마치다
But... is that what you really want?

I've heard of being at the end of my rope...

but this is ridiculous!

What do I gotta do?

Don't cut the string that connects you to the kite that is you! 

I'll just find Dathan, crush him with my thigh gap,  -and then we can go.

"I'm Eric from chemistry class!"

Maybe it's best if we both just forgot about everything that happened tonight.

Everyone who's been here before is **humble** enough to take a picture with me.
- 겸손한