Oop. Pardon my reach.


Well, I'm always trying to get more girls interested in agriculture.

Let me get this straight.

Your farm harvests five types of potatoes, two types of onions,

and is also a front for a local sex trafficking ring?

How'd you get started in sex trafficking?

I don't think I'm getting that microphone back.

-What about them? -They got acquired by Whitewhale.

Quite a pickle.

because I guess letter writing is therapeutic?

And it's good that I'm here, and it's good that I'm not drinking

for sure

i'm freezing

i'll be right back

he just showed up

we havent put a label on us

i get it

do you mind staying at a hotel?

oh yeah. totally

Dear Diane, hello. I am writing you another letter

Today sucks. There's this new lady here, Beverly, and she took my snack kit.

And that is so classic Beverly. Probably. i just met her

**The whjole point of the snack kits is they're communal, right?**

**they're these bags full of snacks that we take on our morning hikes**

and we put them together the night before as like a team-building thing

Yesterday, i decided to throw an extra bag of candied nuts into a snack kit

something just for me 

And i marked my bag with a "B"

so I'd know which one to grab in the morning

B for Bojack

**but then today I see Beverly, who again just got here waltzing around the house**

with my snack kit, saying, "Oh, somebody made a special kut just for me"

B for Beverly! I must have a secret admirer

again just got here

The story my life is that i never get anything nice

You think that i'd learn to adjust my exprectations by now

But No, Once again

I was the idiot who got my hopes up about candied nuts,

and now I am disappointed with no one to blame but myself

Anyway, whats new with you

Just kidding, you cant say anything this is a letter!

Okay talk soon Bojack

Hello?, Diane your last video

Okay, I know it wasnt as feel-good as maybe you wanted

and merged it with Dow Chemical to create a new media venture called Spronk

which will incorporate girl Croosh into the Gizmodo-branded mist of advertorial

That's terrible! 

Not for me. I'm gonna be rich

You already are rich!

Oh, yeah

Oops. Well anyway good luck with Spronk, which is currently rebranding as content spew

So spew that content, girl! Bye

be gone

we're no spooky specters
My name is Vert

